DźvinaPlayer - is a video player for playing videos with the possibility to play a separate audio file and a separate subtitle file.

Input file format:

Video Formats: MPEG-1/2, DivX® (1-6), MPEG-4 ASP, XviD, 3ivX D4, H.261/H.263/H.264/H.265 (AVC/HEVC), Cinepak, Theora, Dirac/VC-2, MJPEG, WMV 1/2/3/VC-1, Real Video.

Audio Formats: MP3, AAC, FLAC, Vorbis, AC3, DTS, WMA, ALAC, Speex, Musepack, MPC, ATRAC 3, Wavpack, Mod, TrueAudio, APE, Real Audio, MIDI, AMR.

Container Formats: 3GP, ASF, AVI, FLV, MKV, MOV, MP4, Ogg, WAV, MPEG-TS, VOB, RM, Raw audio/video.

Subtitles: SubRip (SRT), Advanced SubStation Alpha (ASS), SSA, VobSub, WebVTT, DVD subtitles. 


Main colors: #000000, #FFFFFF, #520000 and shades of this. Text also can be of this color #EFBF04 and shades.

App starts from from main window that looks like file manager. There is a tabbar in the bottom with 3 buttons. The most left button is All files (it should be icon with text). It is always start from the root file folder. Second tab is favourite locations. It should be a list of locations that user favourited before. If user tap on any of this locations he gets inside it. Long tap on favourite item changes view mode to selecting and removing mode. third tab should lead to list of  list recent watched. If user tap on it, it should start playing from the place where user stopped with selected previous time audio track, subtitle and offsets.

In All files tab user can go through all folders. Removing and selecting options proposed on log tap on file or folder. In top right corner there is small option icon, tap on witch lead to drop down menu with buy me a coffee button that leads to ulr https://buymeacoffee.com/zmicier and about button. On about window it should be written app version, license type and a creator name Źmicier Biesau and maybe some other default info

After selecting video file the playing process of this file starts. There is a progress bar in the bottom. User can use it to select suitable timestamp. Above the progress bar on the left side there is passed time, on the right side it is whole length or left time till the end, this changes on tap. Bellow the progress bar there are options button. 1st is audio control button,  on tap menu opens where you can select here the inbuild track or open another file to be audio track. For 3rd party audio selecting opens file manager in style of all files tab. Also you can change default offset of audio track here  from -2 minutes to +2 minutes. 2nd option button is subtitle, you also selecting here or inbuild subtitle or another file to be subtitles and it it also have changeable offset. 3rd option, it is in the middle and this is play/pause. 4th button is changing aspect ration, ratio changes just on tap and suitable values are looped. 5th button is video info, on tap all video information opens in half transparent overlay. Also double tap on video works play/payse. Single tap on video shows/hides all options and progress bar. Double tap on right side of video moves video progress +10 sec, tap on left sides moves video progress -10 sec. Vertical scroll action on left 20dp of video controls brightness of screen and vertical scroll action on right 20dp controls the volume of audio track. On top of the video the name of the file is shown. It is also showing/hiding on tap on video with all elements.

About application icon, it should be created. On the icon it should be a simplified river between 2 green coasts. River should be replaced with photo film. 

The app itself should look not too over heated with a lot of graphics but also it should not look like made from default elements. All the fonts in the app should be from Rubik font family from Google. Also app should have some analytics and crashlytics integrated. All other frameworks should be as most updated as possible. The app should use Compose.
